Bluetooth: mesh: add Kconfigs for NLC profiles (#11374)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/bt_mesh/nlc.rst

The NLC profiles can be used to implement interoperable network controlled lighting setups, including sensors, light fixtures, energy monitoring, scene selectors and dimmer controls.
Each of the profiles specifies a set of models and a set of performance parameters.

> Enable the :c:macro:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_NLC_PERF_CONF` macro to set the required performance configurations for the NLC profiles.
> When implementing the NLC Basic Lightness Controller profile individually or in conjunction with other NLC profiles, also enable the :c:macro:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_NLC_PERF_LIGHTNESS_CTRL` macro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_NLC_PERF_CONF` Kconfig option to set the required performance configurations for the NLC profiles.
When implementing the NLC Basic Lightness Controller profile, individually or in conjunction with other NLC profiles, also enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_NLC_PERF_LIGHTNESS_CTRL` Kconfig option.
```
